Isaac Newton
Isaac Newton was born on December 25,1642 right when the English Civil War started. He died when he was 84 years old. He is most known for discovering gravity. 

	
When Isaac was 3 years old, his mother got married again after his father died, but her new husband did not want a child so she left Isaac and he was home alone. But his mother moved back when he was 10 because her husband died. After she moved back Isaac went to their local school, but his mom did not like it so he went to a different school called “The Kings School”. During the school year, he started to ponder about science.

In 1665, the plague broke out in England and spread very fast. He had to spend the next 18 months at home! It felt like forever for him. When he was 18, Isaac went to Cambridge Trinity College and after 20 years he graduated and he was supposed to work as a professor there, but the plague came back so he went back home. After a while he went back to Cambridge. 

Isaac Newton has accomplished many things in his life. At Cambridge, he made a different type of telescope and a science company was interested in it so they invited him to meetings. During his years at Cambridge, he made a few inventions and discoveries. He made calculus and using calculus he discovered “The True nature of light” and gravity! He also invented “The Laws of motion” and the first reflecting telescope which people use today in science. Isaac also discovered how rainbows formed. 

People admire Isaac because all his life, he has been discovering things that changed our viewpoint of the whole universe. Making the first reflecting telescope led to people making lots of discoveries today, and to make the telescope Isaac made calculus to design it, and calculus is used today for designing almost anything. And "The Laws of Motion" helps understand how things move. 

Once Isaac said “I don't know what I may seem to the world, but as to myself, I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the sea-shore...”



