
Introduction
POV: You are in science class doing a research project on animals. You think 
“Is there an animal with fur but is not a mammal? Or is there an animal that has fur but spiked belly’s? Or can an animal have fur but is not a mammal and has fur but spiked belly’s.” 
Well that animal is a penguin! Some of you will have know idea what that is. But if so, this is the right place for you to learn about them.

	

	
What are Penguins?
	What do penguins eat?
	Penguins usually swim to get food. But I will get into them swimming later. Let’s focus on what they eat. When penguins swim, they catch lots of food like fish. Penguins usually feed on fish because that's the easiest food to catch. And it's the closest food source to them since penguins usually live near an ocean.
	Are they a mammal?
	Penguins are NOT mammals. Most people think that because they have fur. But not their full body. I can get more into that later. So even though they have SOME fur it does not mean penguins are mammals. 



Where are Penguins? 

	Where do they live?
	Most people think penguins live in Antarctica and the North Pole. But… they can also  live in North America and South America to. First of all, they can be in zoos. Second, your can also suddenly meet a penguins in the ocean. Also they love tropical climates. 
	What are Penguins Climate?
Since they don't just live in the artic, their climate isn’t just very cold places. Penguins LOVE tropical climates! It fits their penguin body even though they have a lot of fur. And of course penguins can easily live in cold climate because they have a lot of fur.




What Features do Penguins Have?

	What is the Penguin Body? 
	Penguins have fur on almost their whole body. But as that said, not their whole body. On the penguin stomach there is no fur, instead there are VERY SPIKY SPIKES on their stomachs. Their spikes are even sharper than porcupines or hedgehogs. But it looks like fur because the spikes are white. Also penguins have fins instead of feet. This gives them the ability to swim really fast. And that's why penguins are great swimmers. And that's also why they mostly feed on fish.



What do I need to Know About penguins?

	Important things in case you run  into one. 
	It's really rare to run into a penguin but it can still happen. But you need to now some things if you do run into one. First, stay away from their belly’s,because from earlier you learned that they have sharp belly’s. Second, stay away from it because they can slap you if they are threatened. Also if  you are someone who saves animals and you see a penguins injured,pick it up bye there arms. 



What types of penguins are there? 
	What are some types of penguins? 
	Some penguins are… 
African penguins
Emperor penguins
Gentoo penguins
King penguins also known as the king of penguins
	and there are a lot more different types of penguins. 

King penguins and Emperor penguins. 

	King penguins and Emperor penguins are the most common penguins. But those are not the same types because they have different abilities. Emperor penguins are the king of penguin families so like 100 penguins. But king penguins are kings of 1,000 PENGUINS. But not everyone would like to be a King penguin because you have to pay attention to so many penguins. But people would love to be an emperor penguin because 10 out of 17 4th graders would be an emperor penguin, and 7 out of 17 4th graders would be the king penguin. Which proves more 4th graders would rather be emperor penguins than king penguins. 

Conclusion 
	So those are what penguins are. Furry and spikey creatures that don't just live in the arctic and are not mammals. And hopefully this helps you in your research project if you're doing one. 


